hi everyone this is fancy with a new
baking with you from a serious fancy
button cut today I would like to do
another loop your cake and I'll do berry
berry is this cute strawberry with the
big eyes from the movie Cloudy with a
Chance of Meatballs 2 yeah I think it is
so cute and had the perfect shape for a
cake and tomorrow a friend of mine it's
her birthday and I'll do the cake for
her so we make a red velvet cake and I
do the cake from scratch so we are here
in my kitchen and I'll do the red velvet
cake therefore we need
another sugar and
BAM I add oil buttermilk and this is
food coloring it is rat and it's powder
I act
so I'm you eat baking powder 3
tablespoons cocoa 1 tablespoon a little
bit of salt
now our thousand all makes them out put
it in this principle there's already
butter and flour in it so that I will
not stick to it
now it is all in spring to put a string
for Leo
now the red velvet cake is out of the Oh
who's ready yeah I'll cut the shape or
bearing therefore I have this copy and
I'll take the copy just to pin it with
to spay pick mine I cut around with the
knife
now we have the shape I'll have a look
under the copy
I think I'll rounded a little bit
so this is the first shape this is our
very shape and now I'll put this
strawberry cream cheese frosting on it
yeah a dream this is epic Heiser
between a mean one yeah put that just
now the cake is cowboy birth frosting
all around and now put it into a fridge
for about 20 minutes now I put a layer
of red fondant thin layer of red fondant
over the cake
and I cut around
now this is somewhere very k with the
rat frozen on it and yeah it looks just
like a rat heart and now you make it
look like Barry look with his beautiful
eyes I did this eyes with white green
and black fondant
now just put it on top of this now like
in the movie Barry is alive put it
awesome
this mouth
so what else do we need for battery we
need this
stem I have a tooth pick it in and I'll
put it just in here
come here
here
you
there's just one last thing missing this
aren't the little pips because yeah this
yellow tiny thing and I'll just have
those this plastic thing and I'll put it
here in the form them not cut the
fondant just form it then I take this
yellow icing it is too right just a
little bit in here and now we have
you ready this is Barry
he's so cute
I really really love this cake it is
such a sweet movie cake I hope you liked
the video if you do so you can subscribe
my channel or leave me a comment or yeah
visit my blog I'm yeah happy about that
and I hope you watch the next video
thank you for watching bye bye